Ebrahim MoosaSMU Bootcamp- Tableau HWThere are a couple of phenomena that we can gather when we look at the City Bike data. These phenomena are not immediately seen when looking at the raw data, but rather gleaned when the data has been filtered down and visualized.The first phenomena we find is the most utilized stations. When the most popular stations are dependent on the user type. For subscribers, the most popular stations are located close to public transport hubs, for example the most popular starting location, Pershing Square North, is located right outside Grand Central Station, which is the second busiest train terminal in NYC. The first is Penn Station, which location is the third most popular City Bike station. For customers, the most popular stations are located closer to tourist attractions. The most popular customer starting location is outside of Central Park. From the top five locations for customers, 3 are located around Central Park, one is located on Broadway, and the last is located by Pier 90 and the Hudson River Greenway. With this information we can say that more bikes should be concentrated at these locations versus locations not close to either transport hubs or tourist attractions.We can also quickly look at age and gender before we talk about the second phenomena. The demographics of both user types skew heavily towards male and towards adults (ages between 25 and 64 years old). The second phenomena we have found is related to use time and seasons. When looking at the season with the most use time, spring and winter are when people are riding the longest. The main takeaway here though is the divide between the user type. Customers have substantially more ride time than subscribers despite there being less total customer users than subscribers. Customers ride more than twice as long on average than subscribers. The Youth subscribers (people under the age of 24) have the highest average ride time among the subscriber age groups. Seniors on the other hand have the highest peaks for both customers and subscribers but for different seasons. Senior customers have the highest in summer, while Senior subscribers have the highest average ride time in winter. With this information we can tell that subscribers tend to use the bikes more utilitarian, using the bikes for the purpose of going to and from places, as fast as possible. Whereas customers are using the bike for leisure and spending more time riding. A third, mini, phenomena that was seen was that in winter months, there are more users outside of the city. During summer there are more users inside of the city. 